Fix #32601 Update Set data type description (#35594)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/expressions/types.mdx

List literals can be split into multiple lines for readability, but always
require a comma between values. A comma after the final value is allowed,
but not required. Values in a list can be arbitrary expressions.
### Sets

> Accessing elements of a set directly by index is not supported because sets are unordered collections. However, you can convert a set to a list to access elements by index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform does not support directly accessing elements of a set by index because sets are unordered collections. To access elements in a set by index, first convert the set to a list.
```

> Example: Accessing Elements of a Set
> 
> 1. Define a Set:
> ```hcl
> variable "example_set" {
> type    = set(string)
> default = ["foo", "bar"]
> }
> ```
> 3. Convert Set to List: 
> ```hcl
> locals {
>   example_list = tolist(var.example_set)
> }
> ```
> 
> 5. Access Elements by Index:
> ```hcl
> output "first_element" {
>   value = local.example_list[0]
> }
> output "second_element" {
>   value = local.example_list[1]
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Define a set. The following example specifies a set name `example_set`:

        ```hcl
    variable "example_set" {
      type    = set(string)
      default = ["foo", "bar"]
    }
    ```

1. Use the `tolist` function to convert the set to a list. The following example stores the converted list as a local variable called `example_list`: 

    ```hcl
    locals {
      example_list = tolist(var.example_set)
    }
    ```

1. You can then reference an element in the list:

    ```hcl
    output "first_element" {
      value = local.example_list[0]
    }
    output "second_element" {
      value = local.example_list[1]
    }
    ```
```
Fixing the indentation and providing additional context about each step. This page is actually more of a reference content type and would not normally contain instructions, but this is acceptable for now because the current organization of the docs does not have a good location for these steps.

List literals can be split into multiple lines for readability, but always
require a comma between values. A comma after the final value is allowed,
but not required. Values in a list can be arbitrary expressions.

> ### Sets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Sets
```

Terraform does not support directly accessing elements of a set by index because sets are unordered collections. To access elements in a set by index, first convert the set to a list.

1. Define a set. The following example specifies a set name `example_set`:

>         ```hcl
>     variable "example_set" {
>       type    = set(string)
>       default = ["foo", "bar"]
>     }
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```hcl
    variable "example_set" {
      type    = set(string)
      default = ["foo", "bar"]
    }
    ```
```
